PLEASE READ: BY DOWNLOADING, USING OUR SOFTWARE, OR PURCHASING SERVICES RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE, 
YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS STATED BELOW IN A LEGALLY BINDING MANNER.

If you are obtaining the software as defined below, then you must accept the terms and conditions 
of the agreement as per the policy of the DUCC Systems.  If the company you represent or you 
(collectively "you") do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, do not download 
or install the software.

PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND CONDITIONS:
All right, title and interest including, but not limited to, copyright and other intellectual 
property rights in and to the software (including but not limited to all graphic/image, and text files) 
are owned by DUCC Systems. Such rights are protected by Indian Government copyright laws, other applicable 
copyright laws, and international treaty provisions. DUCC Systems retains all rights not expressly granted 
herein. 
You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble the software. The software, 
including any modified or customized versions, cannot be resold, redistributed, or offered as a service 
without explicit written permission from DUCC Systems. DUCC Systems, reserves the right to refuse permission 
to use this software product to any individual or company for any reason, and may do so without notice. 

LICENSES:
Each copy of the software must have it's own (separate) license and be registered with DUCC Systems.  
You are not permitted to make copies of the software without first purchasing the appropriate additional 
licenses.  Individual software licenses are only valid when registered to a domain/Organization.  This 
license does not grant any reseller privileges. 

OPTIONAL SERVER LICENSES: 
If a "server" license is purchased, the software is considered licensed only when it resides on the licensed 
server, which must be registered with DUCC Systems. Each server license is issued to one (1) physical 
computer/server/computers within the same location organization. Each server that contains the software, or 
any portion thereof, must have it's own license. Server licenses are not equivalent to individual licenses, 
meaning the software must remain on the licensed server at all times. This license does not grant any reseller 
privileges. 

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES:
To the extent allowed by local law, this software is provided to you "as is" without warranties or conditions 
of any kind, whether oral or written, express or implied. DUCC Systems specifically disclaims any implied 
warranties or conditions of merchantability, satisfactory quality, non-infringement and fitness for a particular
 purpose. 

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: 
Except to the extent prohibited by local law, in no event will DUCC Systems, or it’s employees or officers be 
liable for direct, special, incidental, consequential or other damages (including lost profit, lost data, or 
downtime costs), arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of the software, whether based 
in warranty, contract, tort or other legal theory, and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. 
Your use of the software is entirely at your own risk. Should the software prove defective, you assume the entire 
cost of all service, repair, or correction.

RETURN POLICY:
Software (including but not limited to graphic/image, and text files) that is not specifically referred to as 
"trial software", or that includes the "source code", cannot be returned for a refund. Should you experience a 
problem with any purchased software, DUCC Systems, offers support services to assist with any technical issues. 
There are no refunds on installation services or any software that has been installed, downloaded, or emailed to 
you.

SUPPORT SERVICES:
Some software and services purchased from DUCC Systems may include limited free support (technical support, 
re-downloads, and free updates may be limited to 6 months from date of original qualifying purchase).  Unless 
stated otherwise, the free support is only available through our website/email.  If you require more advanced 
technical support or require telephone assistance, additional consulting services or a support plan may be required.  
We reserve the right to change our support policy at anytime.  To contact our support dept. for assistance, 
click on "www.duccsystems.com/contacts.html" and click on mail".

INSTALLATION: 
You must make every attempt to safeguard your data and other files during installation, when upgrading, or when 
installing an update. DUCC Systems does not assume responsibility for loss of data or any other losses that result 
from installation, upgrading, or updating of the software. Hard disks (including but not limited to all data or files 
related to SchoolPlus+) should be backed up on a regular basis and should always be backed up before you begin any 
installation tasks. 

OPTIONAL INSTALLATION SERVICE:
If you have purchased the optional installation service, DUCC Systems will install the software onto your one PC 
as server. Installation includes basic configuration only, unless stated in writing prior to installation. We will 
not setup your items, categories, gateways, or any other elements. After we determine that the installation was successful, 
technical support is provided at the current technical support department hourly rate. While we will make every attempt to 
safeguard data during installation or service, we do not assume responsibility for loss of data. Hard disks and all data on 
your server should be backed up on a regular basis and should always be backed up before DUCC Systems is called for service 
or installation.

GENERAL DISCLAIMER:
DUCC Systems  neither assumes nor accepts any liability for any loss, damage, theft, misuse, malfunction, etc. of 
your hardware or data or anything else that you may own regardless of the cause or reason for any such misfortune. DUCC Systems, 
it’s officers, and employees will not be liable for lost profits, loss of business or other consequential, special, indirect 
or punitive damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any claim by any third party . These policies, 
terms, and conditions may be subject to change without notice.
But this is sure we are at your door with the best.
